I pray for my brothers and sisters every day, because I know Jehovah is the hero of prayer.
Ever since our baptism, we as a family were fully engaged in Christian activities.
It was a busy yet fulfilling life.
I really loved preaching.
I enjoyed conducting Bible studies and talking to others about the truth.
At one point, I was the only elder in the congregation.
I tried to make shepherding calls on everyone, but I just did not have the time.
So I developed a habit of praying for them many times during the day.
I would mention them individually by name.
I wanted Jehovah to protect his precious sheep from Satan's attacks.
Some time later, my wife felt seriously ill.
After being hospitalized for a while, I decided to take care of her at home.
I needed to step down from pioneering.
Kuniko served Jehovah faithfully until her death.
After a while, I became sick as well.
One morning, I felt especially bad and couldn't move.
Fortunately, I managed to survive somehow, but now I'm confined to a wheelchair.
I can no longer walk in the ministry as I used to or handle congregation responsibilities.
I need help to change clothes and take a shower.
I get really depressed when I think of the times when I was able to move around freely.
But Jehovah never forgets the love we've shown.
He is pleased to see us doing our very best in whatever circumstances we are in.
I am limited in what I can do, but I can still pray.
In my prayers, I mention a name of those in my congregation and my personal friends.
I make a list of their names, so it's not to forget anyone.
Through JW.org, I read about the brothers in Russia being arrested and the situation in an Eritrea.
So I make sure to include them in my prayers.
The governing body and its helpers, those in full-time service, also need Jehovah's support.
Jehovah is without a doubt the hero of prayer.
When I was the only elder in the congregation, or when my wife was sick and bad,
he listened to my prayers.
So I am confident prayers that I offer will help my fellow friends.
Now, I do what I can in service, such as witnessing to caregivers.
When I meet those who might have not seen for a long time and tell them,
I've been praying for you.
They often tell me how it has really helped them.
Some even shed tears out of gratitude.
I feel happy too.
Although I'm getting physically weaker every day, my prayers are becoming more and more meaningful.
I want to cherish this precious gift of prayer that Jehovah has given us as long as I live.